Special environment variables override (#8470)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/environment-variables.md

### Special environment variables

> <Constant name="cloud" /> has a number of pre-defined variables built in. Variables are set automatically and cannot be changed. Consequently, the order of precedence to override environment variables will not apply to the following pre-defined variables.

Author: ```suggestion
<Constant name="cloud" /> has a number of pre-defined variables built in. Variables are set automatically and cannot be changed. This means that the order of precedence for overriding environment variables don't apply to these pre-defined variables at the project, environment, or job level.
```

> <Constant name="cloud" /> has a number of pre-defined variables built in. Variables are set automatically and cannot be changed. This means that the order of precedence for overriding environment variables don't apply to these pre-defined variables at the project, environment, or job level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Constant name="cloud" /> has a number of pre-defined variables built in. Variables are set automatically and cannot be changed. This means that the order of precedence for overriding environment variables doesn't apply to these pre-defined variables at the project, environment, or job level.
```
